before Israel launched its war on Gaza
carts drown by donkeys and horses were a
rare side in the Gaza Strip but today
they have become the main method of
Transport for people moving around in
search of Food daily Necessities or to
flee Israel
bombardment in the center of Gaza in one
of the usually busiest streets of derl
Baha cars are now rarely seen I'm using
the car because I have no other
alternative I want to visit my sister in
Alat and I have been waiting here for
hours to move we don't have any other
means of transportation with little fuel
if any available here another way of it
traveling is becoming popular Pices
people from all walks of life want them
and high demand ascending price of
soaring people have been buying more
bikes due to the lack of fuel and the
full embargo imposed on Gaza
Palestinians started to repair their old
bikes before October the 7th bicycles
were cheap in comparison to prices today
before the war a bike could cost just
over $50 but now that's risen to up to
$270 for displaced people like Ahmed
alari his bicycle is essential as he
strives to get his family members what
they
need the bicycle now for me is priceless
I use my bike to go to the the market
and I sometimes cross 6 km every day
using it I even use my bike to bring
water to my family my bike is everything
for me now a mid War as they are forced
to constantly seek what shelter they can
under the threat of constant Israeli
attack Palestinians find themselves
forced to use more primitive means of
transport to survive Palestinians have
been doing whatever they can do to cope
with the increasing hardships of their
daily lives bicycles and donkey carts
have fast been the last remaining
solution for the transportation crisis
caused by the fu crisis here in the Gaza
Strip T abaz Al jaaz darl balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer